1. Can You Define The Roles In Scrum?
--> 1) A product owner is an individual who will be responsible for increasing ROI by determining the product features, and prioritizing these features into a list, and specifies what needs to be focused on in the upcoming sprint.
    2) Scrum Master helps the team to learn to apply Scrum in order to ensure optimum business value.
    3) Scrum Team is a collection of individuals who mainly work together to ensure that the needs of the stakeholders are delivered on time.

2. Define Agile In Simple Terms?
--> Agile is used to describe the approaches to software development that emphasizes incremental delivery, continual planning, team collaboration, and continual learning.

6. Can You Differentiate Between Agile And Scrum?
Agile	
  In the software development process, Agile is a  continuous iteration of development and testing.	
  It delivers the software on a regular basis for feedback.
Scrum
  Scrum is defined as an Agile process that focuses on delivering the business value in the shortest period of time.
  Here, it delivers the software after each sprint.
  
7. Is There A Scenario Where The Waterfall Is Preferable Over Scrum?
-->For any project, there shouldn’t be an all-in-or-all-out approach because there are times where a hybrid methodology works best for the project. For example, if the work is predictable, simple, and is fully defined, then we would go for the waterfall. 

8. Should The Scrum Team Involve In The Product Discovery Process?
-->The Scrum Team should involve in the product discovery process because of the following reasons:
      1) Involving a Scrum Team sooner will ensure that the team and the Product Owner are developing a shared understanding between them and they know what works best for the vision of the product.
      2) The earlier the engineers participate in the product discovery process, the fewer the chances solutions will be pursued which are technically not viable.

9. List The Artifacts Of The Scrum Process? 
--> 1) Product Backlog: It is defined as a list that contains new features, changes to features, changes to the infrastructure, bug fixes, and other activities to ensure a specif output is obtained.
    2) Product Backlog Refinement: Product Backlog Refinement is defined as an ongoing activity throughout the life of the Product Backlog.
    3) Sprint Backlog: It can be described as a subset of product backlog that consists of tasks that are focused on by the team in order to satisfy the sprint goal. Here, the teams have to identify the tasks that are to be completed from the product backlog. These will be then added to the sprint backlog.
    4) Product Increment: It is defined as a combination of all the product backlog items that are completed in a sprint and the value of the previous sprints’ increments. The output has to be in usable condition, even though the product owner doesn’t release it.

15. List The Discussions That Happen In Daily Stand-Up Sessions?
--> 1) What tasks went well.
    2) What tasks were completed?
    3) What tasks are pending?
    4) The obstacles the team is facing

18. How Long Are The Sprints?
--> A sprint can be defined as a short, time-boxed period that a scrum team works to complete a set amount of work.
    Sprints will usually be one month or less, where it creates a usable and potentially releasable product increment. The sprint can be as short as a week. Two weeks is the average.

21. How Do You Say That Agile Is Working In Your Organization?
--> When the products that you deliver to the end-user will result in higher customer retention rates and more customer acquisition
    When there are no piles of technical debt, bugs are not present, and there is less time spent on maintenance, then we can say that Agile is going well in the company.

22. How Can Someone Change A Requirement In Agile?
--> 1. Involve the Customer Throughout the Development Process
    2. Design a Product Backlog that can Accommodate Changes
    3. Involve Your Client During the Daily Standup Meeting

23. Do we accept changes within a sprint, or not? 
--> It needs a balance between stability and flexibility and a fixed duration Sprint balances both.
    Agility – Respond to change to maximize the business value delivered
    Flow – Stick to a plan developed with team consensus to reduce ambiguity and maximize productivity

43. Define The Terms User Stories, Epics, And Tasks?
--> 1) User Stories: They will provide the team with simple explanations of the business’s requirements created from the end user’s view.  
    2) Epics: An epic is usually defined as a collection of related user stories. They are usually huge and complex.
    3) Tasks: We use tasks to break down user stories further. They’re the finest unit in Scrum that will be used to track work. Usually, a person or a team of two people work on a task.

26. Who Should Write User Stories?
--> Anyone can write user stories. But the product owner is responsible for ensuring the product backlog of the agile user stories exists, but it does not define that the product owner is the one who writes the stories. Over the journey of a good Agile project, we should expect to have user story examples that are written by each team member.

29. What Is The Structure Of A Good User Story?
--> A good user story looks like this:
        1) It should include a description.
        2) It should have acceptance criteria defined.
        3) It should be capable of delivering within a single Sprint.
        4) It should have all UI deliverables available.
        5) It should have all (probable) dependencies identified.
        6) Performance criteria have to be defined.
        7) Tracking criteria has to be defined.
        8) It should be estimated by the Scrum Team.

42. Define Sprint?
--> A sprint can be defined as a short, time-boxed period when the scrum team works to complete a given amount of work. Sprints are the heart of scrum and agile methodologies, and getting the sprints right will help the agile team ship better software with lesser headaches.

30. What Will Happen In A Sprint Retrospective?
--> Sprint retrospective usually takes place after sprint review. During this meeting, they discuss the previous mistakes, any potential issues, and new methods to handle them. This data is then incorporated into the planning of the next sprint.

